stops are just in tutorial using the
Maybelline Dream wonder liquid touch
foundation so i'll put the link below
you want to see how i got this look but
this is the application nothing major
other products that i use in a video
we're all drugstore nothing max nothing
net full start by saying that it's a
small bottle of foundation now depend on
how much foundation that you typically
wear you may not be satisfied with the
amount of foundation that you get in
this little bottle it is this size that
fits in the palm of my hand it's smaller
than the actual size of the BB creams
that they sell of course when you box up
like you get a bag of chips you buy an
air pretty much kind of thing with this
when you first buy this is not all the
way to the top is about about right here
on the price is reasonable i would say
it's under ten dollars but depending on
where you live it may be like ten
dollars I don't remember spending more
than 94 maybe eight mention me really
well but my skin tone pretty much
matches all of the Maybelline dark skin
tones except for the I think the pur BB
cream they just came out with I cannot
stand that BB cream but the original BB
cream and their dream matte your dream
liquid matte lik what is it call dream
matte dream mousse something the
drinking boots matches me well and also
the liquid dream matches me well as well
are used to wear the Moose back in high
school when I first started wearing
foundation so if you are those shades
this is true to the same colors as the
dream matte mousse and the drain liquid
foundation see the sea is really like a
liquid which I thought was gonna be
weird because I'm all I have all the
skin but in the day
I noticed that the more wet a foundation
is on my skin tone the better it is if
it drives mad now if UD like a watery
consistency with the foundation and he
have oily skin it might just apply like
Greece depending on how it drives but
this drive extremely met when I first
bought this and tried it I actually use
my milk of magnesia that day because I
had to do something so i was going all
day long so when i use in milk of
magnesia it did put a light ghostly cast
on it because it does has SPF 20 in it
so they expect you to use it like all
drugstore foundation as a sunscreen that
you apply with your hands every so long
throughout the day but I treated as a
foundation I fly with the foundation
brush and setting with a powder like
normal foundation but it does have SPF
20 in it so I find myself using the milk
of magnesia as my primer and it was two
minutes I never had a drugstore
foundation that was two men for my face
and it did make me look a little ghost
and so the second time i use it i did
not use my book of magnesia actually use
um my smashbox primer and it works very
well with that so you have like a normal
primers you don't need the milk of
magnesia unless you're going somewhere
important or you just need your
foundation to stay because it will look
strange on you it will be 22 men and
when I actually wore that day I had to
spray my imac skinfinish and I
skinfinish my mac fix+ on it to get away
that that Ash look and it worked after
that but I had to deal with the fixed
plus being on my face and I don't like
spraying into my face unless it's really
necessary so I would suggest you not use
the milk of magnesia for your primer use
you know a primer that works well but
you don't really need something on top
up under this because it's really really
mad you can hear it it's a liquid it has
a strange brunch thing in it now you
look on the directions in the back it
says shake well which I will suggest you
really do shake this up and apply on
your fingertips and then apply to your
face like I said before you're expected
to use this as
a sunscreen or whatnot so they had this
tip brush here which is I never seen
nothing like this before so this was a
little bit awkward I don't know I'm not
professional so I don't know the
reasoning behind having this and not a
brush my assumptions that they have this
little plastic tip thing instead of a
brush in it because it's a liquid so I
may absorb into a brunch or Bristol if
it was placed inside the bottle like I
said I don't know what I'm saying it
just sounds right I think they could
have went ahead and used like a dispense
thing like this where you just press it
out that would work well but since it is
so liquidy maybe this was the best bit
because the foundation really latches on
to this on little thing in here I just
think it's weird maybe it's just me you
know i'm basically i don't know but i
just think it's kind of odd to have that
little thing in there and not a brush or
something and get to order throughout
the day when I did wear it if the color
was really i mean the color was really
real like I found myself reaching for
this instead of my mac um matchmaster
cuz that's like the only thing I have
left is I want to buy foundation they
disappear over turn around oh happy then
I got black as hell so this is the only
thing that really makes me like I like
it so yeah I mean I don't have any
complaints about it so far that I used
in the last video was my black radium
powder which you can purchase from the
drugstore so it's really good when you
said it I'm not only right now because I
just like applied it but you can see
with me not applying any primer
whatsoever my face is pretty darn max
because it's like three lights in front
of me so it's probably reaching this
glow fit but it's really really met and
I love it I really do like it this is
very mad but I'm warning you do not
apply something up under this day you
feel like you need with any other
foundation because this is liquid and it
dries very matte on your face which is
good for me if you have dry skin run
away just get out of the way when you
see it close your eyes and might go
blind do not buy this if you have dry
skin because it is not gonna work for
you baby I'm telling you you don't
really old girls you gonna be flaking
and
thing this thing is really mad on me and
I'm very oily so I love it and if you
all you will love it I think because
it's just that man let me know how you
like it this drugstore I think it's
great for summer because it's so light
weight on your face it'll feel like I
have nothing on and it blends really
well I just wish they did have darker
shades because unfortunately 95 coconut
is the darkest shade i seen and then
when i seen some caught cooking that I'm
like I'm too black for this but I
actually tried it on the store I was at
old Tulsa for one of those makeup stores
in I tried on my hand and then I look at
my face and rub you down so I always
this works so i bought it but don't shy
away from coconut if you r NW 45 in the
summer it may be a NC 50 in the
wintertime because those are my skin
tones then you can get away with this as
well as using a darker powder on top of
it and you want it to be a little darker
but it makes me very well I review on
this let me know if you guys have it and
how you liked it and make sure you check
out my video on me applying this and
that is all